Let's create a Celest Function!
Start by running `celest start`
from your Flutter app.
Then choose a name for your project.
And in just a few seconds, you've got
a Celest backend generated for you.
To add a new cloud function,
navigate to the "functions"
folder and choose an API file.
Give your function a name and write it
like you would any other Dart function.
Next, import the generated
Flutter client and call `celest.init()`
at the start of your app.
The client is strongly typed
and matches the names of your
cloud functions in your backend.
And Celest handles the serialization for you,
so you can just focus
on writing your logic.
That's right!
No more JSON serializable.
Start for free at celest.dev